Digital Marketing Packages

# Overview

## Target Audience

This service is ideal for companies that are looking to generate new
leads for their products or services. This package is not designed to
address awareness or branding campaigns.

Ideally, you already have a website and customer relationship management
(CRM) system.

## Outcome

The desire is to gather the email addresses or phone numbers of
qualified leads to target them as customers for your service or product.

As an agency with a focus on business design and innovation, Incrementic
will work with your team to help them achieve their desired
outcome.

# Options 

The options presented below are incremental, that is the second option
builds upon the first one and so on. This will allow you to pick a level
that is appropriate to the urgency and budget.

##  

## Option 1 - Strategy and Digital Campaign

This package focuses on establishing a digital campaign. It includes
strategic review of your goals and current digital footprint, followed
by the development of a digital campaign to match your goals. We will
allocate a budget for the paid campaign and, based on your existing
content, we will design ads that support you getting more leads for your
business.

## Option 2 - Content Plus

This package builds on Option 1. In addition to the deliverables from
Option 1, this package includes development of custom content. This
includes planning and creation of custom content. The content we develop
will combine original written pieces with stock video, stock images and
your existing content. The original pieces will be well researched and
Informed by your goals. You can choose from three 600 - 700 word
articles or a single 2,000 word article.

## Option 3 - Video Plus

This package builds on Option 2. Because video has higher engagement and
conversion rates, In addition to all the deliverables from Option 2,
this package includes a custom video interview from which we will
develop clips to promote your brand.

# Risks, Assumptions & Opportunities

The following risks, assumptions and opportunities apply to some or all
of the options above. Please let us know if you have any questions,
comments, additions, or changes before accepting the proposal.

1.  The performance of your campaign will vary based on your industry
    > and target audience

2.  The Option 1 does not include custom content creation.

# Why Alex Miles and Incrementic?

**Alex Miles is the brand under which Incrementic provides digital
marketing services.**

Inspired by Alexander Miles, the inventor who responded to a need by
developing automatically opening and closing elevator doors, Alex Miles
Digital seeks to deliver data-driven campaigns that match the marketing
needs of our customers.

**Incrementic - the shortest distance to your next great thing.**

There are many marketing agencies who could potentially help you with
aspects of your campaign. So why work with us?

We are a Digital Design and Innovation agency with strong technology
roots. We design and implement products and experiences, this uniquely
positions us to provide consultation and implementation on all aspects
of your campaign; and we stand ready to get you to your next big thing.
Through our Alex Miles brand we offer the most effective, data-driven,
marketing campaigns.

## Our Team

**David Bain** has almost two decades of experience implementing
technology and design projects and has completed certifications in
Customer Experience, Web Design, System Administration, Design Research,
Design Thinking and Marketing. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in
Zoology from the University of the West Indies.

**Matthew Bailey** has experience in interaction design and prototyping
systems. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from
the University of Technology and has studied Interaction Design with the
Interaction Design Foundation (IDF).

**Rennay Walters** works in customer engagement and project management
and has completed IBM\'s Enterprise Design Thinking Practitioner
certification. She has a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science
from the University of Technology, lots of customer-facing experience
and a great \"design eye\".

**Nicole Bain** holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from the
University of West Indies. She pays keen attention to grammar and
writing and has extensive experience as an editor, proofreader and
copywriter. Like most of our team, she has completed courses in Design
Thinking.

# Terms & Conditions

We don\'t believe that you should have to make an investment decision
every time you need our assistance. A unique feature of our practice is
that we do not assess an hourly or daily fee. Instead we price the job.

## Pricing

Please note that **these are fixed prices**, **not estimates**. With the
exception of recurring hosting and maintenance fees[^1], there is
absolutely no additional cost beyond your selected price.

The pricing for each option is as follows:

## Deposit Terms

**If you do not qualify for a Go Digital Voucher:**

You will be responsible for the full cost of the project and we will
require a downpayment equivalent to 80% of the full project, followed by
the balance.

**If you do qualify for a Go Digital Voucher:**

As this is a project associated with the Go Digital Initiative we will
accept the following:

1.  A deposit equivalent to 80% of your contribution (see pricing table
    > above)

2.  The **Go Digital Package voucher number** issued by the Development
    > Bank of Jamaica (DBJ) deposit, upon acceptance, to schedule the
    > project. The remaining balance becomes due 30 days after the first
    > deposit.

## Our Promise

Regardless of the option you choose, we will work attentively and stay
in constant communication (at least once a week) to ensure the best
outcome for your campaign.

Please check the option you prefer and sign below:

Option 1 \_\_\_\_\_\_ 

Option 2 \_\_\_\_\_\_ 

Option 3 \_\_\_\_\_\_

# The Development Bank of Jamaica Go Digital Grant

The \'Go Digital\' programme is an initiative of the Development Bank of
Jamaica (DBJ) aimed at helping micro, small and medium-sized enterprises
(MSMEs) to modernise their technology practices.

**As an approved \'Go Digital\' Business Development Organisation (BDO),
Incrementic is able to offer discounted technology services to qualified
small businesses.** This means that your digital projects can be
subsidised by up to J$200,000\*.

\*The DBJ will pay 70% of the cost of the service or the value of the
voucher, whichever is less.

‚Äç

You can apply for the voucher via the DBJ\'s website. However, because
vouchers expire within a certain time period, we recommend that you
speak to us first. We\'ll help you gain clarity on the direction you
want to go with your project, BEFORE you start the clock on your
voucher!

[^1]: Services such as web hosting and maintenance may result in ongoing
    subscription fees. These can vary from USD100 to USD2,000 annually,
    depending on the type of solution that we settle on.

[^2]: If you are eligible for a Go Digital voucher, it can reduce the
    cost by $200,000.
